#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1,NFL Network
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=1
#EXTINF:-1,EstrellasMX
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=2
#EXTINF:-1,AzMundo
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=3
#EXTINF:-1,Univision
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=4
#EXTINF:-1,UniMas
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=5
#EXTINF:-1,TVE Internacional America
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=6
#EXTINF:-1,GalaTv
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=7
#EXTINF:-1,Pasiones
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=8
#EXTINF:-1,Telemundo
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=9
#EXTINF:-1,Telemundo Internacional
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=10
#EXTINF:-1,RCNNovelas
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=11
#EXTINF:-1,TlnovelasAmerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=12
#EXTINF:-1,TeleCentro
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=13
#EXTINF:-1,CaracolInternacional
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=14
#EXTINF:-1,TVGloboInternacional
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=15
#EXTINF:-1,Discoveryen Espa単ol
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=16
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Theater
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=17
#EXTINF:-1,DiscoveryWorld
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=18
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery HomeHealthLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=19
#EXTINF:-1,H2 Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=20
#EXTINF:-1,HistoryenEspa単ol
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=21
#EXTINF:-1,NationalGeographicLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=22
#EXTINF:-1,NatGeoWildLatinoAmerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=23
#EXTINF:-1,AnimalPlanetLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=24
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=25
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN2Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=26
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN3 Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=27
#EXTINF:-1,Fox Sports Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=28
#EXTINF:-1,Fox Sports2 Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=29
#EXTINF:-1,Fox Sports3 Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=30
#EXTINF:-1,Bein Sportsen Espa単ol
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=31
#EXTINF:-1,UFC Network Latino america
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=32
#EXTINF:-1,Planeta Futbol
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=33
#EXTINF:-1,Planeta Futbol English Soccer
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=34
#EXTINF:-1,TDN Mexico
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=35
#EXTINF:-1,UnivisionTDN
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=36
#EXTINF:-1,DisneyChannelNorte
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=37
#EXTINF:-1,DisneyXDNorte
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=38
#EXTINF:-1,DisneyJuniorNorte
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=39
#EXTINF:-1,NickelodeonLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=40
#EXTINF:-1,NickJrLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=41
#EXTINF:-1,DiscoveryKidsAmericaLatina
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=42
#EXTINF:-1,CartoonNetworkLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=43
#EXTINF:-1,BoomerangLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=44
#EXTINF:-1,Tooncast
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=45
#EXTINF:-1,BabyFirstTVLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=46
#EXTINF:-1,BabyTVLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=47
#EXTINF:-1,darkuzgaySony
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=48
#EXTINF:-1,BBCEntertainmentLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=49
#EXTINF:-1,Unicable
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=50
#EXTINF:-1,WarnerChannelLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=51
#EXTINF:-1,ELatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=52
#EXTINF:-1,FXLatino
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=53
#EXTINF:-1,UniversalChannelAmericaLatina
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=54
#EXTINF:-1,FoxLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=55
#EXTINF:-1,SyfyLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=56
#EXTINF:-1,AyELatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=57
#EXTINF:-1,InvestigationDiscoveryLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=58
#EXTINF:-1,TLCLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=59
#EXTINF:-1,TLCLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=60
#EXTINF:-1,AXNLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=61
#EXTINF:-1,Eurochannel
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=62
#EXTINF:-1,MundoFox
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=63
#EXTINF:-1,TNTSeriesLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=64
#EXTINF:-1,Elgourmet
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=65
#EXTINF:-1,CasaClubTV
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=66
#EXTINF:-1,TBSAmericaLatina
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=67
#EXTINF:-1,GlitzLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=68
#EXTINF:-1,FOXLife
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=69
#EXTINF:-1,DistritoComedia
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=70
#EXTINF:-1,ComedyCentralLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=71
#EXTINF:-1,TruTVAmericaLatina
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=72
#EXTINF:-1,EfektoTV
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=73
#EXTINF:-1,MultimediosPlus
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=74
#EXTINF:-1,LifetimeLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=75
#EXTINF:-1,CNNEnEspa単ol
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=76
#EXTINF:-1,ElFinancieroBloomberg
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=77
#EXTINF:-1,NTN24
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=78
#EXTINF:-1,MTVLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=79
#EXTINF:-1,MTVHitsLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=80
#EXTINF:-1,VH1ClassicEurope
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=81
#EXTINF:-1,VH1LatinoNorte
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=82
#EXTINF:-1,KMusic
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=83
#EXTINF:-1,ConcertChannel
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=84
#EXTINF:-1,HTV
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=85
#EXTINF:-1,Bandamax
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=86
#EXTINF:-1,RegionalMusic
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=87
#EXTINF:-1,CineDinamita
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=88
#EXTINF:-1,MultiPremier
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=89
#EXTINF:-1,CineLatino
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=90
#EXTINF:-1,Golden
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=91
#EXTINF:-1,GoldenEdge
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=92
#EXTINF:-1,ParamountChannelLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=93
#EXTINF:-1,SundanceChannelLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=94
#EXTINF:-1,TNTAmericaLatina
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=95
#EXTINF:-1,Cinedarkuzgay
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=96
#EXTINF:-1,Cinemax
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=97
#EXTINF:-1,Space
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=98
#EXTINF:-1,AMC
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=99
#EXTINF:-1,StudioUniversal
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=100
#EXTINF:-1,TCM
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=101
#EXTINF:-1,ISat
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=102
#EXTINF:-1,Europ Europa
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=103
#EXTINF:-1,Film Arts Latinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=104
#EXTINF:-1,Film Zone
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=105
#EXTINF:-1,FOX 1
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=106
#EXTINF:-1,FOX 1O
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=107
#EXTINF:-1,FOX Family
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=108
#EXTINF:-1,FOX Comedy
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=109
#EXTINF:-1,Fox Cinema
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=110
#EXTINF:-1,FOXACTION
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=111
#EXTINF:-1,FOX ActionOeste
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=112
#EXTINF:-1,FOX Movies
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=113
#EXTINF:-1,Fox ClassicsLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=114
#EXTINF:-1,HBO
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=115
#EXTINF:-1,HBO2
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=116
#EXTINF:-1,HBO Plus
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=117
#EXTINF:-1,HBOPus2
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=118
#EXTINF:-1,HBOFamily
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=119
#EXTINF:-1,HBOSignature
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=120
#EXTINF:-1,MaxUPLatinoamerica
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=121
#EXTINF:-1,Max Prime
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=122
#EXTINF:-1,Max Prime2
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=123
#EXTINF:-1,Max
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=124
#EXTINF:-1,Golden Premier1
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=125
#EXTINF:-1,Golden Premiere2
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=126
#EXTINF:-1,NBA TV
http://forocable.esy.es/iptvlinksmelapela.php?darkuzgay=127

#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1,SOLO DEPORTES ACA
http://0.0.0.0.0.
#EXTINF:-1,tv publica argentina sd180
http://live-edge01.telecentro.net.ar:1935/live/tvphd-180/playlist.m3u8?
#EXTINF:-1,caracol tv colombia
http://caracoltvlivehds-lh.akamaihd.net/i/wowzalive_1@126280/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,caracol tv colombia opt 2
http://caracoltvlivehds-lh.akamaihd.net/i/wowzalive_1@126280/index_300_av-b.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1,tvn chile
http://edge-12-cl.edge.mdstrm.com/tvn-live/_definst_/smil:7cb6048ff45cb5cdf7f5fed828597fd1/chunklist_b1500000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,tvn chile opt 2
http://edge-51-cl.edge.mdstrm.com/tvn-live/_definst_/smil:7cb6048ff45cb5cdf7f5fed828597fd1/chunklist_b1500000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,America tv per湛
http://ooyalahd2-f.akamaihd.net/i/atv02_delivery@25405/index_564_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,azteca 7 mexico
http://aztecalive-lh.akamaihd.net/i/0t3vkxp3t_1@175670/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,ARG TELEFE SD
http://live-edge01.telecentro.net.ar/live/tlfhd-180/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,Canal 4 Nicaragua
http://72.46.226.61/live01/canal41/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Canal 6 Costa Rica
http://k3.usastreams.com:1935/cana6/cana6/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,RPC Panama DEPORTES<===
http://live.rpctv.com/rpctv/tm.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Caracol Colombia
http://caracoltvlivehds-lh.akamaihd.net/i/emision_1@126280/index_300_av-b.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Caracol Internacional
http://live.mvdigital.net:1935/live4/livestream1.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Caracol 
http://caracoltvlivehds-lh.akamaihd.net/i/caracol02_1@126280/index_1028_av-p.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1,Caracol Inter
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F2051
#EXTINF:-1,TVN OJO chile
http://edge-12-cl.edge.mdstrm.com/tvn-live/_definst_/smil:7cb6048ff45cb5cdf7f5fed828597fd1/chunklist_b1500000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,EL TRECE HD chile
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=0&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Faztecalive-lh.akamaihd.net%2Fi%2F0oxnvzh8a_1%40175671%2Fmaster.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TN Argentina BUENOOOO
rtsp://stream.tn.com.ar/live/tnhd1
#EXTINF:-1,tv publica argentina sd180
http://live-edge01.telecentro.net.ar:1935/live/tvphd-180/playlist.m3u8?
#EXTINF:-1,tv publica argentina  oSD360
http://live-edge01.telecentro.net.ar:1935/live/tvphd-360/playlist.m3u8?
#EXTINF:-1,GAMATV ECUADOR
http://livestream-f.akamaihd.net/7895918_3314732_c8d89b89_1_446@132480?v=3.6.0&fp=WIN+17%2C0%2C0%2C169&r=POJUE&g=EEIASCPGZDJH
#EXTINF:-1,TDNMexico 
http://oneplay.tv/darkuzdev/?ch=TDNMXLA
#EXTINF:1,TDN ojo
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F1059
#EXTINF:-1,canal 7 azteca
http://38.104.228.230:1938/info7/info7_512/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,UnivisionTDN 
http://oneplay.tv/darkuzdev/?ch=UnivisionEastUS
#EXTINF:-1,BeinSportsenEspa単ol 
http://oneplay.tv/darkuzdev/?ch=BeinSportsLA
#EXTINF:-1,beInSports
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F2527
#EXTINF:-1,Fox Sports
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F2505
#EXTINF:-1,Fox Sports 2
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F475
#EXTINF:-1,Fox Sports 3 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F445
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F2487
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN 2
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F301 
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN 3
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=0&portal=1&channel=http%3A%2F%2Fgdl-cdsse-03.se.linear-abr.cdn.apptv.megacable.com.mx%2FApple%2FESPN3HD2500.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,UFC Network
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F1047
#EXTINF:-1,F1 Latinoamerica 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F1695
#EXTINF:-1,PLANETA FUTBOL
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F1477
#EXTINF:-1,Planeta Futbol English Soccer
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F3469
#EXTINF:-1,METER ESTOS EN STALKER LUEGO DEL PARTIDO!!!!
#EXTINF:-1,Nick Jr 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F417
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Kids
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F309
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Theater 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F3798
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Home & Health
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F252
#EXTINF:-1,Fox
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F3947
#EXTINF:-1,AzMundo 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F1999
#EXTINF:-1,Gala TV 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F4555
#EXTINF:-1,Tlnovelas
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F1461
#EXTINF:-1,Canal De Las Estrellas 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F4552
#EXTINF:-1,Telemundo 
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F4417
#EXTINF:-1,Univisi坦n
http://localhost:8899/live.m3u?tmp=1&portal=1&channel=ffrt2+http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%2Fch%2F3800
